.TH i2e "1" 8-1-2000 "0.5 Version" "User commands"
.SH NAME
i2e \- English-Spanish Dicitionary
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B i2e
.SH USAGE
Selecting a word with the mouse in any aplication is all that's needed,
i2e will translate it.
.PP
The word can also be introduced at the prompt line, and you only have to push
"Translate" button.
.PP
In either case, Page Up and Page Down keys will move the translation text.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/bin/i2e
binary file for X11
.TP
.I /usr/bin/i2e.sh
binary file for text mode
.TP
.I /usr/share/i2e/i2e.dict
the dicitionary itself
.TP
.I /usr/man/man1/i2e.1.gz
English manual page
.TP
.I /usr/man/es_ES/man1/i2e.1.gz
Spanish manual page
.TP
.I /usr/share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/i2e.mo
messages uttered by i2e and i2e.sh in Spanish
.TP
.I ~/.i2erc
where buttons status is kept
.TP
.I ~/.i2e.dict
where added up words are
.SH WARNING
When adding words to the dicitionary (button "Learn") it should be taken into
account that when a word allows several different translations, they should be
learned separately.
.PP
For example, 'hola' can be translated as 'hi' or as 'hello', so, in order to
add 'hola' to the dicitionary with both translations, 'hola' and 'hi' should be
learnt first and then 'hola' and 'hello'.
.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
.B i2e
was inspired by the program
.B eidic.tcl
(available at http://www.lcc.uma.es/personal/trivino/trivino.html)
by José Luis Triviño <trivino@alcor.lcc.uma.es> from which the words database
is taken (and modified).
.PP
 I thank Miquel Collado <miquelc@gestmusic.es>, for his comments on the
source code.
.PP
 I also thank Amaya Rodrigo Sastre <barbwired@bigfoot.com> for translating
the README file and man page into English, and for reviewing my translation
into English of the messages uttered by i2e and i2e.sh
.PP
 I also get on my knees in groveling, abject obsequiousness and
kiss the feet of the Unix-and-English-Translation God Lloyd
Zusman <lloyd@zusman.net>, without whose brilliant English-usage
insights and very humble nature, this document would otherwise have
had to be consigned to the dustbin of history.
.PP
 I thank Miquel Sergio Ahumada Navea <san@inf.utfsm.cl>, for building an .rpm
package.
.PP
 I thank José M. Macías <macias@cica.es> and Ricardo Villalba
<rvmsoft@jazzfree.com> for their comments on making i2e more comfortable
to use.
.PP
Thanks to all of them!
.SH DOWNLOAD
Last version of i2e can be downloaded from http://darkd.virtualave.net
.SH AUTHOR
The author, Alfredo Casademunt <darkd@wanadoo.es>, will thank:
.PP
1) comments and constructive criticism regarding the program.
.PP
2) sending of new words added to the dictionary, in other words, ~/.i2e.dict
file for its future inclusion in the main dictionary.
.PP
3) any form of cooperation with the source code or the dictionary.
